[HOPSWORKS-1849]  fix dataset permissions (#172)
logicalclocks/hops-docs: docs/user_guide/hopsworks/dataSetShare.rst

project's scope, making a project effectively a sandbox for data and programs. However, Data Sets can be shared with one
or more other projects and only `data owners` have privileges to share Data Sets. To share a Data Set, navigate to
the ``Data Sets`` browser from the services menu on the left, right-click on the Data Set to be shared and from the
``Share with`` option select either ``project`` or ``cluster``.
 
.. _share-ds-1.png: ../../_images/share-ds-1.png
.. figure:: ../../imgs/share-ds-1.png
   :alt: Share a Data Set
   :target: `share-ds-1.png`_
   :scale: 25%
   :align: center
   :figclass: align-center
 
   Share a Data Set
 
In the case of ``project``, a popup dialog will then prompt users to select a target project with which the *Data
Set* is to be shared with. It is also feasible to filter projects by name as shown in the image below.
 
.. _share.png: ../../_images/datasets/share.png
.. figure:: ../../imgs/datasets/share.png
   :alt: Select a project to share the Data Set with
   :target: `share.png`_
   :scale: 25%
   :align: center
   :figclass: align-center
 
   Select a project to share the Data Set with
 

> When shareing a data set you can also choose share permissions. Available permissions are shown in the image below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sharing a Data Set you can also choose share permissions. Available permissions are shown in the image below.
```

 
To complete the sharing process, a Data Owner in the target project has to click on the shared Data Set,
and then click on ``Accept`` to complete the process, ``Reject`` to reject the shared Data Set or ``cancel`` for no
action.
 
.. _share-ds-3.png: ../../_images/share-ds-3.png
.. figure:: ../../imgs/share-ds-3.png
   :alt: Accept a shared Data Set
   :target: `share-ds-3.png`_
   :scale: 30%
   :align: center
   :figclass: align-center
 
   Accept a shared Data Set
 
Unshare
-------
 
Data Sets can be ``unshared`` by `data owners`, either from the parent project or from the project they have been
shared with. To do that, users of the parent project can right-click on the Data Set, click ``UnShare from`` and then
select the project to unshare from. Users of the "shared-with" project, need to right-click on the shared Data Set
and then click ``Remove DataSet``.
 
Changing share permission
-------------------------
 
To change permission of a shared Data Set `data owners` can right-click on the Data Set and click ``Share permission``. This will open a popup

> dialog with a table listing all projects the dataset is shared with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dialog with a table listing all projects the Data Set is shared with.
```

 
.. _change-share-permission.png: ../../_images/datasets/change-share-permission.png
.. figure:: ../../imgs/datasets/change-share-permission.png
   :alt: Change share permission
   :target: `change-share-permission.png`_
   :scale: 25%
   :align: center
   :figclass: align-center
 
   Change share permission
 
From the shared with dialog you can change share permission or unshare a Data Set from a project.
 
.. _data-set-access-control:
Data Set access-control
-----------------------
 
Inviting other users to a project and sharing a Data Set are ways to allow members of an organization to provide
fine-grained access control to original data to other members/departments without having to relinquish full control
over the data. Essentially that means that data organized in Data Sets can be shared with other projects so that
other users of Hopsworks can access and make use of this data in their AI pipelines and programs.
 

> By default, all members of the project owning the Data Set are allowed only ``read-only`` access to all files and directories of the Data Set. There are two more access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all members of the project the Data Set was created in, are allowed only ``read-only`` access to all files and directories of the Data Set. There are two more access
```
